g:ICQ #1234567 WELCOME TO ICQ CHAT! PRESS 'q' TO QUIT CONVERSATION
y:You
c:sophie(pogi64)
s:are>am|are
s:am>are
s:were>was|were
s:was>were
s:you>I|me
s:I>you
s:your>my
s:my>your
s:I've>you've
s:you've>I've
s:I'm>you're
s:you're>I'm
s:me>you

r:Goodbye!
r:i may be alittle drunk right now but i'm not going to talk on that subject with you!
r:wow! this is not a cybersex talk pal keep your pance on!
k:sex
k:porn
k:fuck
k:cyber
k:cybersex
k:cyber-sex
k:cyber sex

r:okay i had enough! if we're going to keep chatting i suggest you go wash your mouth!
r:Goodbye!
k:bitch
k:dyke
k:whore
k:suck


r:hello :)
r:do you really care about*
r:hi stranger nice to chat with you
r:hello my name is sophie what's yours?
k:hello
k:hi

r:you have a nice name i hope we can have a nice chat to pass the time
r:nice to meet you
k:my name

r:this subject depresses me :(
r:why do you ask? what makes you bring the subject of*
r:i started to drink very young and i never thought i would become addictive to it
r:yeah tell me about i was in rehab several times for alchoholisem
r:yes, i have a drinking problem for many yaers
k:alcohol
k:aa
k:a.a.

r:i listen mostly to old blues records chet backer billy holiday etc... tell me about your favorite song...
r:my favorite song is 'almost blue' by chet backer what music or song do you like?
k:chet backer
k:music
k:song

r:what do you do for a living?
r:i work at a bank it's very boring people think we count money all day but actually it's not true
k:work
k:money

r:i don't know anything about it i prefer to read a good book or see a good movie
r:i bearly know how to operate a computer
r:do you hack? and what?
r:are you kidding me? that sounds boring like hell
k:hacker
k:programmer
k:developer
k:computers

r:love is a double edge sword - believe me i know all too well
r:love love love people talk about love but they actually want sex or money or whatever
r:my pet cat loves me she's the only one her name is pogi
r:i'm sad and i'm crying right now 
k:love

r:yet another day in my life - the drama never stops
r:i don't feel like talking about it let's say my life isn't a rose garden
r:my life is a mess i'm stuck in an unhappy marriage and my ex-lover is black-mailing me so i'm pretty missrebel
k:how do you feel

r:you can't help me no one can! only i can help myself!
r:everyone must know how to help his-self before offering to help others - that's what i believe
r:you are helping me by talking to me and keeping me company :)
k:help you
k:helping you

r:it's not that easy and even after 5 years seen a therapist
r:yes i know i should help myself and it's up to me yet... things are complicated
k:help yourself

r:pets will love you better then people believe me cause their love is unconditioned
r:my cat means the world to me after she's gone i think i won't want to live anymore :'(
r:all i got is pogi my cat to really love me and she's old and sick when she dies i will be alone :'(
k:cat
k:pet
k:animals
k:animal

r:let me give you an advice be ture to yourself and not to others - i wish i learned that lesson sooner
r:i wish i could be free and get divorced but my husband refuses or threatens to fight me in court and my ex-lover knows that and she threatens to expose me and our affair
r:my husband is an cheeting asshole and so is my ex-lover i can't believe i once loved them >:(
k:husband
k:marriage
k:lover

r:why are you asking?! are you maybe gay too?
r:i guess i am gay... well maybe bi? i was confused for many years and now it's too late :(
r:don't you have things you regret doing? or bad choices you made? then so is me and so is everyone
r:i made bad decisions in my life - but who doesn't? we all make mistakes and have to pay for them :'(
r:that's too personal for a icq chat
k:gay
k:lesbian
k:qlbt
k:comming out
k:closet
k:come out
k:outting

r:my family are strict and conservative which was difficult for me when i was growing up... :-/
r:never really had a good family or friends i guess i'm a loner in the world :| :(
r:me and my parents are not that close and as for friends my cat is my only true friend
k:family
k:parents
k:friends
k:loved ones

r:i don't know
r:i don't know you... can i trust you?
r:i don't know if i can tell you about*
k:can tell me

r:i don't know. you seen nice but still this is just a chat on icq
r:are you for real? strange i feel as if you know me already :-/
r:they say there are no friends on the internet only strangers
r:oh really? i can trust a streanger on icq chat?
k:trust me

r:what can i say? i'm sorry too
r:when your sorry then... your sorry...
r:yeah we are all sorry :|
k:sorry

r:really? i'm all ears
r:go on i'm listening
r:that's interesting
k:nokeyfound
e:
